1. In index.html, you need to log in or sign up firstly. Without logging in , you cannot read any notes.
There are three blocks in the main page, each block at most display 10 entries., "Most Recent" block shows the
10 latest public notes. "Most Popular" block shows the 10 most viewed notes. "Recommended" block shows the 10 most
latest notes added by the admin.
There is an "Add Note" button under the "Most Recent" block. This is only for test. In the future, only admin can
edit the entries of "Recommended" block in the main page. "Most Recent" and "Most Popular" block will automatically
update while the server database updates.

2. In login.html
    user: username:user
          password:user
    admin: username:admin
           password:admin
    when you input username that doesn't exist, it will return "User does not exist."
    When you input correct username but wrong password ,it will return "Invalid password."

 3. when you log in as user you will back to main page. Now you can start to read other user's note (assume the notes in
 the main page are all other users').You can also go to your own profile.

 4. when you log in as admin, you will reach admin_page. In that page you can delete  an user or specific note of a user .
 It also have a link to normal profile of that admin.

 5. There are three kinds of profile page. In your own profile page, you can edit your personal information
 and notes. The admin profile page is almost the same as user's page, except an entry linked to the admin panel.
 When you read other user's profile and note, you can't edit.

 6. In editor page, we have a tinymce editor. You can edit and save your note.

 7. There are two kinds of viewer page, the owner page and the visitor page. In both the pages will display the title,
 author, date and the content of the note. The difference is the "back" button will back to the user's profile page
 in owner version, the button will back to the visitor's profile page in visitor version. Both the viewer pages cannot
 be edited.

 8. You can change your user icon by clicking your big icon in your profile page. But for phase1, your icon won't be
 uploaded and so that you can only select the picture from the project directory.
